post v3 release docs (#923)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/ci/ci-keys/index.md

---
title: "CI Keys"
linkTitle: "CI Keys"
weight: 40
description: A CI key is used to access LocalStack in CI or other machine environments.
---

> LocalStack requires a **CI Key** for use in Continuous Integration (CI) or similar machine environments. Each instance start in a CI or comparable environment uses one CI token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalStack requires a **CI Key** for use in Continuous Integration (CI) or similar machine environments. Each instance startup in a CI or comparable environment consumes one CI token.
```
